USER MANUAL



ACCESSING THE ONLINE GRADING RUBRIC
Sign in with any desired and valid Google account
	Note: If you are already signed into a Google account before opening
	the web page, it will automatically sign you in. You must then sign
	out and use the desired Google account.

You will now be redirected to the home page where you will see options to:
	Create a new grading rubric
	View your previously made grading rubrics
	An option to log out of the Google account you are using



CREATING A NEW RUBRIC
You are given the option to create a new grading rubric. Each rubric will
consist of a title (which can be used as a reference when searching for 
previously made rubrics), a text box which allows you to label your category,
drop down boxes which are used as grading marks for the entire category, and
a submit button which will store any text boxes that you have created and 
written in.


ADDING MORE CATEGORIES AND SUBCATEGORIES
The button below any existing category allows you to create another category,
where the button on the right allows you to create one subcategory. Any desired
amount of subcategories are allowed to be created for a category, and also any
desired amount of categories are allowed to be created.
On the left side of any subcategory box is a button which allows you to delete
the unwanted subcategory.


VIEWING A RUBRIC
After having created at least one rubric, you are able to view these by clicking
on the "View Forms" button. From here you are allowed to use it for grading,
edit the categories and subcategories, and also delete the rubric. 


DELETING A RUBRIC
Click on the "View Forms" button, then click the button next to the form to be
deleted. All the contents of the form are removed from the database.


USING A RUBRIC
Click on the "Fill-out" button in order to use your created rubrics. You are able
then to click the print button to view in a print friendly page. Hit done once
you are done filling out the rubric and it will take you back to the previous
page.